[MUSIC]
I am Rebecca,
I'm a security engineer at Google, and
I focus in identity management.
The best part of the job is
probably thinking like an attacker.
I love that part of seeing how can
I break stuff, seeing a system and
figuring out how can I get into it.
If I was a bad guy,
what would I be wanting?
What would I be looking for?
How would I find the credentials?
How would I find the machine
that's useful, and get onto it?
My first day in security,
we were learning a new tool.
The whole organization was in a training,
and they're like,
we're going to throw you in.
It's a one week training to
learn a network analyzer.
I didn't know anything about networks,
let alone network security, or
what this thing was going to be used for.
And so I was very overwhelmed, because
I felt like I was an imposter sitting
in somebody's seat who
should belong there.
And learning stuff way over my head.
I pushed through it by asking a lot of
questions, and setting aside that feeling
like I should know things, because I've
never been exposed to it at that point.
The only way I'm going to
know is if I ask.
So, this course has a lot of tools,
and covers a lot of information.
And it can be very easy to be overwhelmed,
in fact, I probably would be as well.
There's a lot of information
that you can take in.
I think of learning in a course like this,
where there's a series of courses for
you to learn,
that it's like climbing a mountain.
You've gotten so far up the mountain,
and the air gets thin, and, yes,
it is difficult.
You feel overwhelmed, but
you're almost to the top.
And know that when you get to the top,
you're going to have
an amazing view of the world.
And that's the same thing of
when you finish these courses.
Your frame of mind and
how you view things and your capabilities,
your potential for finding new jobs, or
changing careers is that much better.